# Midas

This is a starting brief for a new agent + service + frontend features.

## Goal
The goal is to develop a new complete product for a  brokerage company. This product offering will heavily utilize the services on the ai platform and the different components we are building here in Kantheon.
We will develop, or enhance:
- the Iris frontend to allow working with Excel and Powerpoint templates and templated dashboards
- specific Midas agent with the know-how from the investment domain (assets and their taxonomy, ROI / (unrealized) profit calculation, fees and commissions, reconciliations)
On the AI Platform side
- prepare a PostgreSQL worker (mirroring MS SQL worker)
- design the backend database schema
- link a dispatcher and worker to this database

## Data Requirements
We need to support the following entities:
- clients
- portfolios (one client can have more portfolios - these are just "folders" of assets)
- assets (stocks, bonds, ETFs, etc.)
- transactions (buy, sell, dividend, etc.)
- positions (current holdings of assets)
- performance metrics (ROI, unrealized profit, etc.)

We will need to support both loading the statements from various sources and manual input.
Manual inputs will need to be both on a transaction level and "account" / "asset" level (i.e. entering a new asset balance, which will derive the required diff transaction)

For the manual entry, we will create a new application. Similar to the Iris frontend, this will be a rich (web) application for data entry and management. It will be called Sysifos. This app will have its own design and brief in this repository.

## Output requirements (for Iris)
- reports (generated by the system) - using Excel predefined templates; with the ability to print (PDF, HTML)
- user preferences (dashboard layout, notification settings, etc.)
- Iris dashboard layout systen

## Loaders

We will support number of backend (asset portfolio) systems with different formats to load the statements. Those will be
- API (REST) based
- batch SFTP legacy file downloads
- Excel files (with predefined templates)
- Google Finance
- Yahoo Finance

We will start with
- Excel
- Google

